UPDATE LOG

24/12/2018 - v1.1.4.

New:
Added a Nintendo Switch to the news page.

Changes:
Changed the loction and behavior of the "Mod it" button in the modular part picking pages (kitguns and moas) on devices with smaller screens. You do not have to go open the Stats section to go to the modding page.

22/12/2018 - v1.1.3.

Fixes:
Ammo Stock now correctly adds 10% Mag size per rank.
Fixed a crash in the "My Builds" page that happened under very specific circumstances.
Build descriptions now respect the 'enter' key, build descriptions now are now formatted correctly when the input includes a new text line. All descriptions saved so far will include this fix.
Did a formatting pass on all Mod descriptions, they now have line cuts and are more legible.

20/12/2018 - v1.1.2.

New:
Added Baruuk.
Added the Strain mod set: Strain Fever (Helminth), Strain Eruption (Helminth), Strain Consume (Warframe).
Added the new Archgun mods: Ammo Chain, Arch-Gun Ace, Deadly Efficiency, Resolute Focus, Marked Target, Sabot Rounds, Critical Focus, Quick Reload.
Added MOA bracket options.

Changes:
Increased Archguns-Land Max Ammo as per Warframe update 24.2.4 and 24.2.5.
Added mod images for some of the mods that were missing theirs.

Fixes:
Exergis now has 3 pellets.

19/12/2018 - v1.1.1.

About Tennoware Updates:
Up to and including Tennoware v1.1.0 the caching strategy used for offline use (and more responsive and less bandwith heavy online use) was not letting updates go through in a conveniant manner. in v1.1.0 I added a nice little banner that pops up at the bottom of the page and lets you know theres an update ready with a button that was supposed to update it seamlessly, that didn't go quite as planned and that button didn't really do its job.
Tennoware v1.1.1 changes the caching strategy and that also fixes the update button.
In order to make sure you will have the most up to date version of Tennoware all you have to do is:
Browser: If you have Tennoware tabs open close them, go to tennoware.com and wait a bit, 30 seconds should be enough, then close all browser windows and thats it. Next time you go to tennoware.com it should be the updated version and every time theres another update it should let you know with a banner and a button to just update.
Installed App: make sure the App isn't running (on screen or in the background) and launch it. Wait a bit, 30 seconds should be enough, and close it completely (cant even be in the background). Next time you launch the app it should be the updated version and every time theres another update it should let you know with a banner and a button to just update.

New:
Added Mesa Prime to warframes.
Added Akjagara Prime and Plinx to secondary weapons.
Added Exergis to primary weapons.
Added an Archgun - Land catagory.

Changes:
Updated Nyx, Nyx Prime, Titania, Tonkor, Simulor, Synoid Simulor, Staticor, Ocucor and various Kitgun Combos as per warframe update 24.2.
Update Archgun Mods Automatic Trigger, Dual Rounds, Rubedo Lined Barrel, Parallax Scope and Hollowed Bullets as per warframe update 24.2.
Calculated Redirection, Enhanced Vitality and Metal Fiber are now equipable by all companions, but are incompatible with Kubrow-Link Mods.


17/12/2018 - v1.1.0.

New:
Added standalone Tennoware accounts.
Added filtering by polarity and different sorting options for the mod picker.

Changes:
Reviewing the code for the mod picker while implementing filtering and sorting led to fairly chunky optimization in and around the mod picker. Said optimization should make the mod picker more responsive.
Added some some custom timing curves to some animations.

Fixes:
Added Image loading error handling to the warframe news section. Now if theres an error loading one (or more) image it should still load up the rest.

12/12/2018 - v1.0.6.

New:
Added the option to apply Arbitrations bonus to calculations.
Added the option to look at all public Kitgun/MOA build. Felt like hiding those community builds behind specific setup was to restrictive.
Added a status type breakdown where applicable. The breakdown means if there is a proc what are the chances for each type.

Fixes:
Fixed yet another crash caused by rivens. Please let me know if you come across any more issues with riven builds.
Sniper Scavanger now adds the correct capacity amount.
Gave the News & Updates page a facelift, loading news should now be much smoother.

10/12/2018 - v1.0.5.

Fixes:
Fixed an issue that caused Community Builds lists that were larger than the space available to them to scroll horizontally instead of vertically. 
Fixed an issue where the sustained DPS calculation was wrong when mods effecting reload speed were in play.
Fixed a Safari mobile issue where the mod handler (where you can rank and remove mods when on mobile) would be tossed WAY down. This issue caused me to rewrite for that entire section of code and it should now run better on all mobile platforms.
Venari is now capable of equipping kavat mods.
Fixed an issue where dragging a mod in Firefox would highlight a bunch of stuff.


09/12/2018 - v1.0.4.

Changes:
Firefox users using Firefox Quantom version 64+ on non-mobile devices should now have sleeker themed scrollbars that take up much less space.

Fixes:
Firefox users using Firefox Quantom version 64+ on non-mobile devices should now have the ability to increase and decrease mod rank.
Fixed an issue where builds with rivens that had fractional stats resulted in an invalid riven error.
Fixed an issue where invalid riven errors would completely crash the app instead of gracefully redirecting to an error page.
Fixed Soul Survivor's Health restore, it now applies correctly to Soul Punch.
Augur Reach's added range is now the same as it is in game.

07/12/2018 - v1.0.3.

Fixes:
Morphic Transformer and Primed Morphic Transformer can no longer be used at the same time.
Fixed an issue where the last 2 slots on a loaded companion build did not apply polarity correctly.
Fixed an issue that made slotting exilus and aura set mods inconsistent.
Damage values will always have 1 decimel place as requested.
Fixed an issue where efficiency can visually go over 175% even though it didnt actaully do anything (except on channeled abilties with -duration).
Fixed Cunning Drift's description.

06/12/2018 - v1.0.2.

Fixes:
Fixed an issue where updating a previously saved build's description sometimes didn't work.
Fixed Speed Drift's description.
Fixed Escape Velocity not being considered an Exilus mod.
Fixed Enemy Sense not being considered an Exilus mod.
Fixed Hysterical Assault not being considered an Exilus mod.
Fixed Piercing Step not being considered an Exilus mod.
Fixed Rending Turn not being considered an Exilus mod.
Fixed Toxic Flight not being considered an Exilus mod.

06/12/2018 - v1.0.1.

Fixes:
Fixed some embarrassing typo's.
Saryn Prime now has the correct stats.
Fixed Cunning Drift to add Range and not duration.
Rubico Prime now has its propper Crit chance.
Fixed an issue where warframe builds with Set mods would not display the correct Set count and stats.

06/12/2018 - v1.0.0.

Initial Release.

